# Gravity Protocol 

A (peer-to-peer) P2P {file,directory,disk}-sharing protocol initially was 
designed address the fundamental and glaring flaws throughout the original 
`BitTorrent` protocol design. 

The first version of the redesign immediately resulted in a simple protocol 
specification that naturally included BitTorrent-Sync or DropBox style functionality, between an individuals own machines, developers and their users, pairs or groups of friends, and even family and large organizations by simply nesting the objects within each other for emergent behavior that is not conceived of, and likely never be implemented when remaining users of the Torrent protocol see the massive speed increase simply adding compression, and UDP based multicasting; two features that are still missing from the `torrent` protocol, and these features by themself would be reason enough to migrate to an alternative protcol. 


But the BlueShift protocol is not a mere re-write, or a patch to the objectively 
incorrect design and implementation for a streaming P2P protocol. The adherence 
to ridiculous concepts like intellectual property, lack of creativity when 
creating clients, have led to an aging protocol; instead of maturing like many 
other properly implemented and creatively used protocols. 


## Specification Client 
The specification client demonstrates how a simple design, combining
functionalit that works together to potentiate and foster a wide variety of
use-cases, and Multiverse OS uses the protocol throughout the system, providing
a wide variety of uses, and implementations, enabling Multiverse OS to
demonstrate the incredible versatility, and foundation for innovation that
BlueShift is, while BlueSHift provides the functionality needed to take existing
concept, used by operating systems, or used along-with operating systems, to
seamlessly introduce not just fundamentally different approaches to Operating
System development, more importantly fundamentally improves, democratizes and
opens up the process even more; creating a development process that is
transparent, community driven, sustainable, and does not require a
cult-of-personality figure to drive the project forward; removing the common
problem of ego, and a false sense of ownership over an idea, to over empower and
invidual who may not necessarily be qualified to continue making decisions that
would be better handled using alternatives, specified and executed with
Blueshift using Multiparty computaion, multi-signatures, peer-reviews, and
community reputation slowly built, and persisted in BlueShift data storage;
functionality that is now often called "smart contracts", by people who hype it,
and unncessarily tie it to unregulated security distribution, for the purpose of
obstuficating, not just the failure to implement it properly, but failure to
correctly implement at protocol that makes sense. Instead, current
implementations of Multiparty computation, are sold as not just requiring
tokenization, which serves to demonstrate their lack of expertise, but also a
blockchain, ensuring their implementations are inefficient, slow, the opposite
of real-time, using massive ticks. And the result is a wide variety of
incredibly poor implementations that seem like their feature set was created
using dice-rolls, because more often than not, they either fundamentally fail to
understand why a particular feature is implemented, but often implement
contrdictary feaures. As seen when analyzing protocols like Ethereum, selling
multiparty comptuation as "Smart Contracts", not just implementing contradictory
features, but rewriting the rules when their failure to understand their own
system led them to loose 150 million dollars; and that is not even including
information known to members of the cryptocurrency community that have actually
been here since the early days, driven by an inerest in computer science and
math; a very different culture, and collection of people, with not only
different interests, but entirely different goals. 

The founder of the Ethereum project previous projects included selling access 
to a simulated quantum computers could mine Bitcoin he and his cohort were 
building, to increase the efficiency of Bitcoin miining. 

Deliotte has taken open source software and rebranded it and sold it to sociaist
countries for millions of dollars. 

And so like so many others in the cryptocurrency scene, we see astronomical 
amounts of money that could have been better spent funding the poorly funded 
open source projects that make up the critical low-level components of the 
internet, or firmware projects that are required for the modern computing to be
cosndiered secure. 

Instead, anyone who skimmed the CypherPunk mailing list, written before I was
born, would know that the plan was, and is a like a preformance art, as an
absolute chalatan, avoids publishing source code, praddles on about irrelevant
game theory, that fails to model anything close to the complexity of the
intertwinned networks in question, and the resulting failure to create a
functional system only serves to provide addiitional evidence to suggest this is
the case. Resulting in a weird preformance art, where a protocol is designed
with so many layered contradictions, and indications of a complete failure to
understand the computer science, cryptography, and networking theory; but in
that way it is successful, in convincing people inerested in gambling on
unregulated securities, bitter from losing their ability to issue tokens through
corporate entities, as previously done with Panamanian companies, who also do
not understand any of the underlying science, but often have a lot of opinions
about "blockchain". A feature they assure everyone is the real value to Bitcoin,
and Bitcoin is like the AOL to Blockchain, or what will be created next. 

But even if we just play along with the absurdity, creation of projects like
Ethereum equate to forking the http protocol, in order to create a new website,
when all their supposedly fantastical technology could have not just been easily
implemented in a a custom client implementation, utilizing the protocol for a
layered design that is repeated throughout the structure of the internet. 

Hearing a lot about 'blockchain', especially around the time when some people
decided that it does not have a pluralized form? 

It is worth stating clearly, this functionality of a decentralized P2P network 
is a solution for a very specific, and likely to be niche use-case; it is not 
required for multiparty computation ("Smart Contracts"), or decentralized P2P 
applications; "Dapps", are not the  invetion of Ethereum, and do not require a 
blockchain.  

The two features that are boardly useful, contained within the Bitcoin source
code, are: 
  
  1) **Assymetric cryptography** specifically revolving not around the ability
  to encrypt secrets; which was the cornerstone to the first Internet bubble,
  because it is what allowed site adminstrators to pass secret data like Credit
  Card numbers between the client and the server. And now again, it is changing
  everything through complex signign schemes, specifically multi-signatures. 

  2) **Merkle Tree** which can be futher enhanced using hashing algorithms with
  unique attributes. 

**This is the reason why Bitcoin, was not called Blockcoin.** It was called
Bitcoin because the Merkle Tree used in the design, enabling Blockchains, and
providing for many critical aspects of the design, was derived from BitTorrent

And the ability to tokenize, or create tokens, is a separate concept too. And if
you have now read this, and realize you were either susceptible to people
actively poisining the discource, for the purpose or trying to be in the next
wave of "get-rich-quick" recpients, or you were paricipating in posioning the
discource, it is worth pointing out, that in the same way, that hackers showed
the world that money is not real; the next thing we have to collectively work to
teach everyone is that: wealth is not real, and that there are enough resources
to feed everyone, there are enough resources for everyone to be housed, for
everyone to at least reach the point where happiness flatlines. 

<iframe
src="https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/gdp-vs-happiness?xScale=linear&stackMode=absolute"
loading="lazy" style="width: 100%; height: 600px; border: 0px none;"></iframe>
 
And, so as most "sayings", it is false, money can in fact buy happiness, and in
 its not not really all that expensive. 

But if we plan on waiting for people with the ability/power, to share the
rewards of technology, automation, and generations of compounding human
knowledge, to share the rewards with us, we will be dead before it comes.  

People who detest Bitcoin, should at least recognize that the creation and usage
of Bitcoin was a very important event in human history, it was the first
community (P2P) fiat currency ever issued that gained global acceptance and
holds a lot of value due to the derivative value of all the liqudity provided by
trading, its functionality to arbitrate around national laws in the same way an
transnational corporation is able to, and it conterfeits are prevented using
cryptography (math!) instead of a secret service and ongoing arms race with
countries with access to the same equipment and technology. *This is not to
ignore the countless many issues with both the protocol, but also the issuance,
and how it served to re-enforce the wealth of an already priviledged and wealty
class: people who at the time of GPU mining has powerful graphics cards. And
this is just one obvious issue of countless; but the solution to these issues is
not proof-of-stake, which just creates oligarchies, in the same way unregulated
capitalism creates monopolies, and proof-of-stake can only practically only 
protects networks in a closed was contained within a closed system. 

The solution is being implemented without a blockchain, without wasting energy,
without sellnig off pre-allocation of tokens to banks and aspiring plutocrats,
and build into the design systems which incentize and benefit international
collective ownership, and the goal should be to create a force that grows,
putting all assets, property, and value into international, global collective
ownership, so that in time, enough value will enter this system to not just buy
everyone happiness, but to dismantle rockets, build space elevators, rid the
planet of nuclear weapons, and solve global warming. Any economic model that
does not include these fundamentally irrevisble end-game scenerioes, fails to
properly map the complexities of reality, and the complex humax matrix that we
are contained within; which is why capitalism is not just inarguably, and
scietnficially proveably inefficient, but simply put: an overly simple model
that fails to account for the complexities of reality, leading it to fail in its
ability to predict or guide humanity to anywhere but absolutely certain
cascading ecosystem collapse; Bitcoin was a response to the first Bailout, 10
years ago, followed by recognizing the massive divide between the rich and the
poor; many people do not know, that hard-coded within the Genesis block of the
Bitcoin protocol is an article referring to austerity and giving money to the
"too big to fail banks" so that they won't collapse-- sparking the Occupy
movement, where people around the world showed international solidarity by
coming out to public spaces and occupying them, sharing knowledge, practicing
organization, and testing theories, that sometmies worked, and as with
everything often failed. However the corporae media backed notion that Occupy
was a meanginless failure is anarchanism and fails to honestly access the
movement for the purpose of specifically taking away its impact. 

Ten yaers later, with no solutions offered by governemnts to fix the problem,
and the organizational skills learned applied to Bernie Sanders, (incuding
Corbin and others), and the conventional mainters of power, dropped the mask,
many powerful Democrats revealig their true nature and purpose as
crypto-republicans, openly sabatoged the democratic will of the people. 


A new disaster, much greater, with new lines drawn, people around the world
correctly identifying their opposition, weather previously working in secret or
openly, reveal themselves and print money for international corporations, that
have long ago abandoned any concept of nationalism, and acively arbitrate around
laws to escape taxes, workers rights, pollution laws; and when caught are fined
less than their profit, due to incredibly poorly written laws, that any
software engineer, or hacker would immediately identify the problem: hard-coded
values that should have been quations or functions taking into account the state
of the economy, the scale, and the reward, or anything. And while the existing
legal system is being torn down around us, leaving us exposed to the direct
threat of trans-nationationals, it appears the global left, or even humanity as
a whole, has little ability to organize any defense whatsoever. Afraid to
occupy, after the bad taste left by corporate media so effectivey controlling
its place in history. 


This disaster needs a new solution; we need a P2P economic protocol that
built-into the fabric of it, is the growing consolidation of collective
ownership; and not just merely to propose an abstract idea that if vaiable would
be a place for not just the left but the 99% to nucleate around. 


and the Gravity protocol, an different approach to P2P fiat, that
issues tokens to the poorest members of society, [details removed until
completion of other documentation] in the Gravity Protocol. 

(And now, hopefully it is more clear, and you can see the revolution we are in, 
tegether). 

#### Multiverse OS: A network of inerconnected `Blueshift` clients 
The functionality provided by Blueshift, provides functional, and useful
behavior in situations where the scope of a single user requiring multi-party
computation for inter-process, and inter-virtual machine communication across a
machine or cluster; to the scope of an international workers cooperative that
drives the sustainable development of Multiverse OS, enabling the firing of all
executives; due to automation, because collectively, we need to agree that
automation of the board room is not only easier, but it is more cost-effective,
and should obviously come before any further automation of the factory floor. 



in a new tool, that would not require a separate tool, like Bittorrent-Sync (or similar Rsync replacements), because 
this functionality is a completely natural emergent functionality by properly
implementing a P2P protocol designed to leverage parallelism, mutual-aid style
cooperation benefitting everyone involved in a hash routing to a single
ephemeral file, or a long-term share between a group of friends. 

In addition to the protocol focusing on the ability to share, not just abitrary
collections of files, but sharing ownership, and r/w access through assymmetric
encryption, and agreed upon multi-party computation, hook-ables and 


addressing all of the glaring and major fundamental flaws existing in the
`torrent` protocol, and the author's approach to open-source software, and
intellectual property (despite the property, not showing very much intellect, it
didn't even include compression, or multi-cast; and still doesn't). 

Property implementing a peer-to

*(Early drafts explaining the protocol are actively being compiled into a
RFC/Whitepaper style presentation)*
